today what I'd like to do is show you
the leases on some of our vehicles right
here get an aqua chevy with GMC Cadillac
for our first vehicle that we want to
explain the lease on is the 2014
chevrolet cruze LT turbo this car comes
standard with ten airbags 54 miles to
the gallon it's it's just a whole lot of
value wrapped up in a really really
beautiful car now how the lease works on
this one it's a 48 month lease zero
percent interest with a payment a
bi-weekly payment of a hundred and
eleven dollars a month now on top of
that you're also going to get two years
of free oil changes plus forty cents off
a leader up to 800 liters of fuel it's
at three hundred and twenty dollar value
you can't get a better bang for your
buck in today's market than this car
right here fully loaded power locks
power windows cruise control remote
start even but this car in today's
market bar none best value
for our second vehicle we like to
feature on our zero percent 48 month
lease package at 0% I should emphasize
is the 2014 buick verano beautiful car
elegant car as you see here 46 miles to
the gallon this one on a bi-weekly
payment is 129 129 bi-weekly four-year
lease 0% now it's a little different
over the chef parkman Buick product is
you get a four year eighty thousand
kilometer warranty complete vehicle
warranty chevrolet comes with three or
60 so let's just tie that lease up it's
a 0% least 48 months 129 bi-weekly and
your warranty is for four years or
80,000 kilometers so it's the same
length of warranty as the lease which
makes great sense
up next we have the 2014 malibu LS this
car gets 53 miles per gallon highway
unbelievable and again part of the
zero-percent 48 month lease package 151
bi-weekly unbelievable value this car is
fully equipped three year 60 warranty
and all of our specials this month in
April come with the 40 cents off a liter
up to 800 liters plus two years no
charge oil changes great value 151 by
weekly 0% 48 months
up next the 2014 impala LS yes this is
an Impala we've all seen the previous
year wat year's models this is the new
redesigned impala LS for 2014 gorgeous
car 45 miles to the gallon you can't get
much better than that in a full-size car
0% on this one as well 48 months 183
bi-weekly yeah you heard me right 183
bi-weekly great value fully equipped
great gas mileage lots of safety 183
bi-weekly four-year lease 0% don't
forget forty cents off early der plus
two years no charge oil changes so now
that you've seen all the lease payments
on our cars and SUVs there's no reason
not to take the short drive to get an
aqua cheb you GMC Cadillac